should always contain one of these: bold claim, [music] spark curiosity, and promise value. Now, I want you guys to all set yourself a challenge for the next 10 days. I want you to create five piece of content over the next 10 days. No need to post it, okay? I just want you to get some reps in quick so you can start seeing the improvement. Remember, competence breeds confidence. So, you're not posting this anywhere, okay? You're simply creating content, you're getting those repetitions in, [music] you're practicing, and that's all we're really trying to do here. Now, monetize your brain. You now have the tools you need to build a personal [music] brand. You understand the concept of building an intentional personal brand, you know how to pick the platform that will suit you the [music] best, and you understand how to start creating content. And that is what goes into a personal brand. [music] So, now you need to monetize your brand. Remember, your goal is not to be famous, your goal is [music] to be rich. And in 2025, there are so many ways to monetize your personal brand. Earlier in this video, I already discussed how building a personal brand can turbocharge your current career. Just take a look at Nico Leonard, Ryan Serhant, Maguy Albeto, and there are countless other examples doing this. I mean, let's take a look at Dr. Alex as an example. He is a chiropractor from the US who used TikTok to build a huge personal brand and has made millions in the process. He has celebrity clients, he's booked for months, if not years, in advance, and he can price his services as high as he wants. His personal brand has led to demand. Even the world's best chiropractor cannot compete with Alex because his brand is too strong. But, maybe you want to move away from what it is that you are doing right now. Maybe you're not a business owner yet. Maybe you hate your career. Maybe you're just looking to get your online career started. Well, I have good news for you. [music] You can have a clean slate. You see, when you do have a clean slate, there's one thing that you should be selling in today's economy, [music] and that is information. This is something I've done better than pretty much anyone else in the world. Now, I know what you're thinking, but there's a stigma around selling courses. But, I just want to challenge your thinking for a second. You see, every single person watching this video right now has bought info before. [music] When you buy a book, you're buying info. When you go to school, you're buying info. When you go to college, you're buying info. Even earlier today, when I was with my tennis instructor, I was buying info. [music] He has information on how to play tennis better, and I am paying him for that information to teach me. My tennis instructor is not holding my hand and forcing me to hit the ball. No, it's not like he's doing it for [music] me. I am paying him for the information, for the knowledge transfer, for him to transfer the information from his head into [music] my head. So, we all pay for info. Whether you like it or not, we have all paid for info and we will always pay for info, and info is one of the biggest industries in the world. Bear in mind, when I had a call with my corporate lawyer last night to advise me on a new company, he is not doing it for me. I am paying him for his information. He is advising me, okay? So, you need to understand personal training consulting firms. For example, even when I pay my boxing coach, do I pay him to box for me? Of course not. I am paying him to transfer his experience and information about boxing to me in the form of training and advice. I am paying for information. The way that information is transferred is the only difference, and this is called packaging. I'm not even recommending that you guys should sell courses, okay? There are many ways to package up info. It could be one-on-one coaching. It could be group coaching. It could be courses. It could be a book. I don't recommend writing a book, by the way. But, you know, the the point is there's so many ways to deliver this stuff. Some of the most famous people in the world have [music] sold info at scale. Tony Robbins, I mean, Tony Robbins is worth upwards of $600 million. To be honest, I think it's in a few billion at this point. And he has made a large portion of that money by selling info. He has speaker events. He's written multiple books. He even has his life mastery program that sells for upwards of $10,000. [music] Now, I know your self-doubt is creeping in and you're saying, "Well, I'm not an expert in any field. How could I sell info?" Well, the thing is, times are changing. Everyone on Earth has access to the largest database of information ever created, artificial intelligence. Now, [music] 5 years ago, selling info would take months or even years of research to synthesize the information we needed to solve a specific problem. Today, with the help of AI, you can synthesize information from the greatest minds in the world and compile it into [music] an actionable plan in just a few minutes. I know this because this is literally what one of my software companies does. It's called Synthesis [music] AI. But, synthesizing knowledge isn't enough. There are two other things you need. The first one we've already discussed, and that is a micro personal brand that you build using content strategies we've discussed throughout this video. But, the second is a unique value zone. Because you don't want to sell in markets like health or online business. You know, that's impossible. [music] Even at a niche level like weight loss or drop shipping, it's too saturated. You need to find your UVZ using the third layer theory. You see, once you go down three layers from the market level, you start to see untapped markets that are big enough to sell ultra specific information to. I'll give you an example. You don't want to sell in health, you don't want to sell weight loss, but you will want to sell weight loss for new mothers, okay? Once you have your UVZ, you can then take time to understand the biggest problems that exist [music] in your unique value zone. Next, use AI to synthesize all the information out there into an actual plan to solve that problem. Just so you truly understand this, you could go, dedicate your entire life to researching a topic, and go banish yourself to the mountains for 10 years, and just study one specific topic. You're a human, okay? You're not going to be able to study this much information in 10 [music] years. Whereas AI can synthesize every single article, every single book, every single piece of information that has ever been put out about a specific topic. With the right AI technology, you can do that now. And in the most respectful way possible, you're not going to beat AI, okay? You simply cannot compete. You simply cannot synthesize information at a rate faster than AI. And then what you do is you take that information, and you offer it as a one-on-one coaching that you sell while you grow your micro personal brand. You see, one-on-one coaching is the best way to start monetizing your micro personal brand because you can charge anywhere from $3,000, even up to $20,000 per client. You only need three to five clients a month. With even a thousand people that are right audience size, you [music] can make a full-time income. The product effort, obviously, is very minimal, and sales difficulty is very easy when you are selling to a UVZ. If you sell people a weight loss, okay, cool, like get in line. Whereas if you're selling specifically to women who want to lose postpartum weight, that's a very different story. So, as you can see, one-on-one coaching is a no-brainer when you get started. I even still do it to this day. And by the way, don't fall for this whole, "Oh, don't sell your time for money" trap. You do realize professional sports people, global artists, and even the [music] CEOs of the biggest companies in the world sell their time for money. Taylor Swift goes on a world tour and makes a billion dollars. [music] And by the way, she sold her time for money, okay? The CEO of Google sells his time for money. He just makes a hundred million dollars a year in the process. [music] So, there's nothing wrong with selling your time for money. It's just about making sure that your time is as valuable as possible. Now, I'm not going to be covering how to build and run your coaching offer in full detail today because I really want to [music] go more in-depth with that. So, I'm actually going to be doing a full training about coaching in an upcoming video. So, to wrap up this video, I want to leave you with the fact that I'm going to be honest, building my personal brand was the best thing I have ever done. My personal brand is the driving force behind my company. And by the way, not just my software companies or my info business, even my eyewear. You know, this is comes from my eyewear business. My eyewear business is my smallest business and it still makes a couple million dollars a year in profit. And my personal brand is the petrol and fuel for all of this, okay? This is undoubtedly the best asset that you can build. [music] So, don't look back at this video in a year wondering oh, well, I knew there was the right thing to do. I knew their personal brand, whatever career I'm in. And but by the way, if you're a personal trainer, you need to remember, a personal brand is not a business model. A personal brand is an asset that guarantees that whatever you do in life, you get to play life on easy mode, basically. Now, as many of you guys know because I get DMs about it every single day, I have actually closed enrollments for my all-in-one personal brand software stack. So, I have a company called Moral Tie, so where I basically license a few of my different software companies. So, Synthesis AI, Flow is another one of my software companies. And we actually threw in personal brand blueprint, [music] which we were tempted to charge separately as a course for, but decided to actually just throw that in for free because I'd rather you succeed with the software. I hope this training has been useful for you. Trust me, I have a bunch more incredible ones lined up for this year. And as always, I'm watching from afar [music] and I'm rooting for you.