YouTube transcript Video ID: 5pAQcC9YniM Language: en Captions: auto-generated  I'm going to tell you something right now that potentially could upset you. Maybe it might excite you. Maybe it might frustrate you. Maybe it might open your eyes. And that is, whether you like it or not, you have a personal brand. Whether that's your 300 followers on an Instagram, your Facebook page, your LinkedIn that you put pretty much zero effort into. Whatever it may be, the point is you have a digital footprint. So, I guess I kind of somewhat lied in the title by saying, you know, this is how to start a personal brand. That's not entirely true because you already have one. I guess just to clarify further what I mean and the real purpose and intention of this video is to take your personal brand from something that is doing you damage in your life or something that is hindering you to [music] something that becomes the number one asset that you could ever have. So, with all that being said, let's get into a little presentation I put together for you. You see, I've made a hundred million dollars plus in my career, a number that 99.9% of people can only dream of. And the select few that get there take a lifetime to build [music] this level of wealth. And most of that only comes in their 50s, 60s, 70s onwards. The difference is what takes most people a lifetime, if they even get there, took me less than 10 years. Now, I want to make something very clear. I'm not saying that to hype myself up or trying to think, you know, I'm some genius. This is No, I simply had a competitive advantage. So, the reason I say this is because I want to show you the power of what it is I'm teaching you here today. Coming from someone who has benefited greatly. I've been incredibly blessed. I've been incredibly lucky. I've been incredibly fortunate. Yes, of course. You know, I I don't want to downplay the fact that I have worked extremely hard in my life, tirelessly. [music] But, hand on heart, if I had to attribute one thing towards my success over the last [music] 10 years, it is my ability to build an intentional personal brand. Not the largest personal brand, and we're going to get into that in just a second. Because there's a very big difference between having eyeballs and views and this and that just for no reason compared to being very intentional with what it is you are building your personal brand for and what benefit. Because remember, you should not be a slave to your personal brand. Your personal brand should serve you in whatever way and through whatever benefits you wish to yield from it. So, let's get back to it. You see, I went from on the left here a broke 16-year-old, you know, who picked up a camera initially because I had an interest in photography, videography, and that led to getting freelance clients, which then led to me starting my first proper real business, which was a creative agency. And throughout this process, building my personal brand. And I guess at the time, I wish I could say I was some genius that knew that all of this would happen. No, I just kind of stumbled on all this. And, you know, right place, right time. But what's funny, what took me 10 years could actually take you a lot less time because for the first few years of building my personal brand, I was not intentional at all. There was no rhyme, no rhythm, no reasoning behind anything. It was just, quite frankly, a bit of a mess. [music] So, you get to circumvent that mess. And, you know, all that to say that I built an asset that allowed me to accumulate generational wealth in just a few years. And this one asset has allowed me to take care of my single mom, you know, the reason I actually started all these entrepreneurial ventures. Very common story. I'm no special unique snowflake. [music] It's just a very common story of a son who sees his mom in pain. You know, my stepdad cut off me and my mom when we were 11 years old. My biological father had some issues, I guess you could say he was dealing with, so [music] he wasn't particularly the most stable. So, out of absolutely everything I have in my life, the the thing that I'll be forever indebted and forever grateful for my personal brand for is taking care of the person that to me means the most in my life, which is my mother. And not only just my mom, but my friends get to benefit [music] from everything that a personal brand has afforded me. And even some of my philanthropic efforts. You know, it's pretty cool. Last year, I actually funded my 10th school. So, for 6 years now, I've been building schools in places like Nepal, South Africa, all fully funded, taking profits from some of my businesses. And my the reason I say some of this stuff to you is I you know, I don't need to be preachy. I'm not trying to be patronizing. I just want you to understand that this is something that isn't going to change your life overnight. Okay? This is not like you're not going to click your fingers and then your wildest dreams will appear. No, if you keep focus and you stay dedicated, I genuinely believe this is the single most And I'm telling you right now, this is the single most powerful asset that anyone can have in the world. And that asset is my personal brand. Now, let me be clear. This isn't something I just randomly stumbled across. Okay? The elite already know that a personal brand is the most valuable asset on Earth. They know that we have an attention-driven economy. Attention is the new currency. So, when I say this isn't something I've stumbled on on I'm not saying like, "Oh, it worked for me, so you know, it must work for everyone." No, like just look around. You know, look around and ask yourself things such as why do you see the likes of Donald Trump and Elon Musk become so active on social platforms and going on podcasts like the Joe Rogan Experience. A few years ago, they were known for their wealth. They didn't bother trying to connect with the masses or appeal to the masses. So, what happened now? They understood the power of building a personal brand. A personal brand leads to more eyes and that leads to more power, which inevitably leads to more money. I mean, just look at Donald Trump. He won the US election using the power of a personal brand, okay? And [snorts] even Tesla, the Tesla share price is up over 70% in the last 6 months. And listen, I know these are some extreme examples. I'm not saying you need to build a personal brand, you know, to be a world-famous or to to rule the world. So, instead, let's take a look at some of my friends who use their personal brands to become multi-millionaires. But, you know, in fact, they're very humble individuals, but you know, these individuals are worth hundreds of millions of dollars. We have my friend George Heaton who owns a company called Represent on the left. In the last 10 to 20 years, this is the most successful fashion company to come out of the UK. Now, most of that has only happened in the last 4 years when he started to create more content, more founder-led content. He built his own micro-niche personal brand. He's not got millions and millions of subscribers. He only has a few hundred thousand on his Instagram, but that was enough to really build the brand and to get it to the point where even in his own words, 5-6 years ago, the brand was really struggling. And then, he started posting more content, taking his personal brand more seriously. And then now, as I said, they're worth hundreds of millions of dollars. Or my friend Guillaume on the right, with zero outside funding, he bootstrapped Lemlist to a multi-hundred-million-dollar valuation. Once again, through the power of a micro-niche personal brand, where he focused it primarily on LinkedIn, created content, built a little tribe there, and was able to build a multi-hundred-million-dollar company off the back of it, okay? Now, I've [snorts] just given you a number of examples of people who have built generational wealth by building a personal brand and capitalizing on the new attention-driven economy. So, you have to ask yourself, why are you ignoring the biggest opportunity of the decade? The truth is, I know why. You think that you need millions of followers to get rich, you don't think that you're interesting enough, and you don't know where to start. So, in today's video, I'm going to help you solve these problems. Today, I'm going to break all of the misconceptions you have about building a personal brand. Today, I will show you what actually matters when you're building a personal brand. And today, I'll walk you through my four-step process not only to build a personal brand, but to make money with it as well. So, let's start off with the first step, which is clarifying your intention. if you were watching this video, you are thinking, "Well, I don't want to build a personal brand." And I hate to break it to you, you already have one, okay? A personal brand is just the world's perception of you. Whether you're the most successful entrepreneur in the world, or you're out every weekend shotgunning beers, how people perceive you is your personal brand. The million-dollar question is, does your brand hurt you, or does your brand help you? Your personal brand will impact every area of your life. Getting into your dream college, getting your dream job, even buying your first Rolex. When you go put your name down on a waiting list, it impacts everything. I'm telling you right now, no matter what you're trying to do, you're trying to join a private members club, you're trying to buy a Rolex, you're trying to get an allocation for this, you're trying to join college. Listen, quite frankly, even in your romantic life. In every area of your life, you have a personal brand. It's just a matter of, is your personal brand going to help you, or is it going to hinder you? So, I think it's pretty much safe to assume that you want a personal brand to help you, but you need to understand how it can help you. [music] And this is truly where the intention comes in. Let me explain what I mean. When I was running my agency IG Media, I was building a personal brand around marketing and SMA with the intention of attracting new clients and ultimately making more money. My intention was very clear at that point. And it's not just me, by the way, who did this. A personal brand will turbocharge anything you are currently doing, or anything you want to do in the future, as long as you build your brand with the correct intention. I mean, let's take a look at Nico Leonard. Nico owns a luxury watch retail business, so he built his brand around luxury watches with the intention of attracting more clients for his business. Let's take a look at Ryan Serhant. Ryan sold luxury real estate, so he built his brand around luxury real estate with the intention of attracting more buyers and making more money in the process. Or, let's take a look at a very interesting gentleman, Magri Alberto. Now, he actually owns a pastry shop, so he built a personal brand showing off his pastries with the intention of attracting more people to his pastry shop. Fascinating. This works for everything, clearly. All Ryan, Nico, Magri, and I all have two things in common. Number one, we work backwards. We knew we wanted to make more money and we found something to sell to make that money. [music] And then we figured out what our perfect client looks like and then we built an intentional brand to attract more of those clients through our content. So, first thing, ask yourself, what are you going to sell? What do you want to sell? Then, what does your perfect follower or subscriber, whatever it is, look like? And then how do you attract more of these followers? The second is the goal was never to use our brands to get famous. We want to use our brands to get rich. A certain level of fame did come with it in the process, but the intention was always to get rich. And bear in mind, you know, going back to example of a George and Guillaume, you know, personal friends of mine, these guys can walk down the street pretty much anywhere, no one's going to recognize them. Yeah, of course, like when they're in their industries, you know, they're doing events in their industries, of course, everyone in the industry knows each other. But with just a few hundred thousand followers, you're not going to be swarmed any place you go. Yeah, maybe the occasional person might ask you for a photo. And by the way, I don't say that in a bad way. I'm saying they have played the game right where they can go anywhere and yet they have still built hundreds and hundreds of millions of dollars of value from their personal brand without having to be a clown online or a dancing monkey or a, you know, just basic post content just for the sake of views. So, now would actually be a good time to break the biggest misconception about building a personal brand. You do not need millions of followers to get rich with a