personal brand. You just need a thousand of the right ones. I'll give you an example. A friend of mine, John, who I've known for nine and eight years. He met when I was 16 or 17. We actually got introduced. That was still in the the heyday of me trying to get my agency off the ground, so I've known him for a long time. Now, he only has 4,000 YouTube subscribers and 5,000 Instagram followers. Despite his modest following, John makes multiple five figures a month with his coaching business. Despite his audience being small, his audience quality is good, so he's still able to make hundreds of thousands of dollars a year from it. Now, this is an example of what I call a micro personal brand. A micro personal brand is a brand that doesn't optimize for audience size, but focuses on audience quality. Too many people look at vanity metrics like followers, subscribers, and likes. Remember, your goal is to get rich. You should be looking at profit per follower. So, which audience would you rather have? A thousand followers at $1 per follower, or would you rather have a thousand followers at $150 per follower? Okay? Of course, you know what the answer is. It's much better to make more money with a smaller audience. You see, if you're a real estate agent, your goal is not to attract millions of followers with no money. You would rather attract a few thousand followers who are actively looking to buy property. If you are a female personal trainer, your goal isn't to attract a millions of male followers. Your focus should be to attract a few thousand women who are actively looking to lose weight. Well, I know what you're thinking. You're like, "Okay, easy enough for you to say, Iman. You have five and a half million subscribers, so it's very easy for you to sit on your high horse and say these things." So, you know what? Let me go ahead and prove I practice what I preach. This is another one of my channels. It's called Iman Gadzhi Business. It has about 10, 15,000 subscribers. And by the way, I post on this weekly. You would think that, "Okay, well, he has a channel with five and a half million subscribers. Why is he not posting that content on here?" Because I'm speaking to business owners and business owners only. On that channel, if you make less than a quarter million dollars a year in your business, it's just too high-level, and it's actually going to confuse you. It's going to do more harm than it is good. So, I even practice what I preach, where I actually silo and I segregate, and I make content specifically tailored to my ideal client, to my ideal prospect, whatever it may be. So, I'm living proof that a niche personal brand can work, because I've even taken my large personal brand and basically turned it into a niche personal brand by having separate smaller channels, depending on what it is that I'm trying to accomplish, or you know, what sort of prospects or what sort of segment of the market I'm trying to speak to. Now, after this step, focus on answering two questions. Who is my perfect follower, and how do I attract more of those followers? Next, pick your platform. You see, once you've clarified your intention, the obvious next step is to find a platform to build on. [music] In 2025, you have a variety of different options. You've got X, or Twitter. I will always forever call it Twitter. Uh you've got X, you've got LinkedIn, you've got YouTube, you've got TikTok, you've got Instagram. At this point in my personal branding journey, I have built my personal brand using all of them, and I have accumulated approximately 12 million followers in the process. Remember that I am at a different stage in my personal branding journey. Just like you, I had to start somewhere and pick a platform to start with, and for me, that was YouTube. But there's a reason why I chose YouTube as my original platform. Now, I'm going to be transparent. At the time, I wasn't as calculated as what I'm telling you here today. Like, I wasn't as intentional as I was today, okay? For me, YouTube, I was just a young kid that had a passion for videography, so that's why I chose. Like, there really wasn't that much extra thinking, you know? I I always want to be honest with you guys as to like when something was a very good strategic intentional decision, and something was just like I just did something and it worked. And YouTube was really one of those where I happened to upload on it, and it happened to be a right decision. But at the time, I was just like, "Okay, well, I I I like making videos, so let me just post on YouTube." But for you today, let's be more calculated, okay? There are three questions you need to ask yourself. First, which platform matches your intention? Second, which platform suits your skills and hides your weaknesses? Are you building a faceless personal brand or a front-facing personal brand? Now, building your personal brand with clear intention is all about attracting the right audience, but different types of people are more active on different platforms. I mean, let's think about it logically. If you are selling corporate law services, where are you more likely to attract an audience of corporate CEOs? LinkedIn or TikTok? If you're running a photography business and your perfect audience are up-and-coming influencers that need your services, where would you rather build an audience? X or Instagram? When you are picking your platform, you give yourself a huge head start if you create content where your ideal audience already hangs out, where they already spend their time. The second consideration you need to think about when picking your platform is your personal skill set. I mean, think about it. Every platform requires different skill sets. I had a personal interest in photography and videography, so YouTube actually played to my strengths. So this was a good starting [music] point for me. Platforms like X and LinkedIn required me to get better at copywriting, which wasn't something that I was interested in at that time, and it didn't really play to my strengths. Now today I use them and they're a part of my strategy, but that was something I implemented much further down the line. Now when you are picking your platform, ask yourself what type of content plays to your strengths. If you prefer writing and know you can send a clear message using words, then yeah, stick in and Twitter. If instead you want to be on camera and you prefer making video content, then YouTube, TikTok, Instagram, okay? If you feel like you don't have a particular preference, remember confidence comes from competence. Choose a platform and improve as you go. One of the things that I think people really appreciate about me is I have videos from 2015 and still on my YouTube channel. You can go back, you can see. Like you think that I made my first YouTube video and it was all polished and clean. No, it took some time and confidence comes from competence. Now I'm a decent speaker. I'm definitely not the best public speaker in the world. I'm definitely not the best orator in the world. I've had no formal training. I just talked a lot. Like quite frankly, I yapped a lot, I blabbered a lot, and when you do that enough, you eventually will get good at it. As I said, confidence comes from competence. The more repetitions you put in there, the more competent you are, and the more competent you are, of course, the more confident you're going to be. And if you don't believe me, well just look at my videos when I started compared to my videos today. I mean, feel free to go back to my channel back in 2016 and in 2015 even and go look at those videos, okay? And look at how far the evolution has come from back then to now. You know what? Actually I'll even get my team to include some of the clips so that way you can see just how bad I was back then. You know, I you know, I'm really improving my strength and I'd say I'm quite strong. And how far things have come these days. Now the final consideration is whether you want to show your face or you don't. Now let me be honest with you, a personal brand where you show your face will always be better than a personal brand where you don't. If you don't want to show your face, ask yourself why. Do you lack confidence? Are you embarrassed what people might think? You see, I understand, you know, I was in your shoes when I first started. I want to urge you to take the leap as I did because building my personal brand is something I haven't regretted a single day in my life. But, if you are set on building a faceless personal brand, your options are Twitter or YouTube. You see, on X you can create content using an alias and still provide as much value as possible. And then on YouTube, you can create walk-throughs that provide value without using a face cam. Now, I stand by what I said though, you can be successful by building a faceless personal brand, but people do connect with people. So, it is much easier to grow a front-facing brand compared to a faceless brand. Now, I want you to work through these three questions and pick your platform. [music] It is fine to choose more than one, but do not try to master all of them from day one. Make content where your perfect audience is and play to your strengths. A jack of all trades is a master of none. So, let's get into the fun stuff, start creating content. You see, once you know your intention once you pick your platform, now it is time to start creating content. Content is the most powerful tool you can use to build your personal brand and turbocharge whatever you are doing right now or anything you want to do in the future. Content truly is the eighth wonder of the world. Why? Because content allows you to achieve something called negative cost of acquisition. You see, if you run ads, you are paying the social media platforms a fee, which means there is a cost to acquire every new client you get. Whereas, [snorts] if you create content and you make sales organically through the content that you create, the platforms actually pay you for the views that you get while you make the majority of your revenue from the sales that you generate on the back end. And by the way, this is like the holy grail of business. Like, when you get paid to make money, it's like it goes against every single business principle, but yet it's something that you can actually accomplish this [music] week, this month, this year. And you could do it at scales and levels of like [music] sometimes you just have to stop and pinch yourself. Look, I'll show you a perfect example of this. This is one of my VSLs that I put on YouTube channel a few years ago. Now, YouTube paid me $266,000 [music] in AdSense, okay? So, you would say, you know, very decent. You got paid a quarter million dollars for YouTube video. That's impressive. Now, what you don't see is that this video alone generated me 20 million dollars in sales. [music] YouTube paid me $250,000 to make 20 million dollars. This is the negative cost of acquisition, the ability to attract clients [music] without paying and even making money during that client acquisition process. By the way, just so you know the numbers that actually went into this, about 10 million people watched this video and from that 10 million people, I think it was like 12 or 13,000 people actually bought a product, an info product that I offered at the end. I have people wanted to take it a step further past what I actually taught in the training. And that info product was $1,500, so yeah, I mean, you can do the math, 20 million dollars in sales. And by the way, because there's no cost of acquisition in terms of gross profit, I'm not talking as a business, I'm talking gross profit, there was about 20 million dollars in our company's pocket. So, clearly this stuff works. So, now that you understand the power of content, how do you actually make content that attracts the right audience and allows you to attain a negative cost of acquisition? Well, content all starts with visibility. You see, once you pick your platform, [music] you need to start posting. Not just posting now and again, you need to start posting consistently. Lots of people look at my YouTube growth and claim that I got lucky or I was just in the right place at the right time. What you don't see is I have posted 439 videos over the last 9 years. That equates to roughly a video a week for a 9-year period. The reason I am visible is because I have always [music] been consistent. But consistency does not guarantee results. You see, with the right strategy, you can grow your audience in just a few months. I'm going to show you a channel called Callaway as an example. He started his channel just over 4 months ago and take a look at his growth in 4 months. In the last 4 months, he's grown 75,000 subscribers, [music] 1.6 million views, 21 videos, and I can almost guarantee you that in those 4 months, he has [music] made at a minimum a quarter million dollars,