potentially upwards of a million dollars from that audience that he's garnered in just [music] literally the last 120 days. Now, there are three content pillars you must incorporate into your strategy. [music] Authenticity, impact, and intention. Authenticity is content that is true to you. Impact is content that solves a problem. And intention is content that attracts your perfect audience. So, let's start off with authenticity. You see, [music] when you watch or read my content, I do not try to emulate anyone else and I am unapologetically me. I understand some of you guys will hate me, some of you guys will love me. Quite frankly, I have no control over that. All I have control over is, am I showing up to the world as me? If you don't like that, that's cool. That's fine. I will never be everyone's cup of tea and that is totally fine, okay? Now, I'll give you an example of this. Since day one, I have always dressed the same. This is a photo, what, 7 years ago this one? So, yeah, this is a photo from 7 years ago and this is a photo from 2 years ago. I have always just dressed like a bit of a grandpa, okay? So, that's me. Now, I know these days there's a whole trend of like old money, blah blah, this is lifestyle, like so I guess it's nice that's a trend, but I have been living authentically like that for years and it's because it was authentic to me that after a while people started to resonate that with my style. Now, another example, I was already a multi-millionaire and I didn't own a car. Now, it's funny because I get people tell me, "Oh, but you know, you flex for social media." I'm going to try to say this in the least douchey way possible, but I know it'll still come across as douchey. I had made tens of millions of dollars before I ever bought my first car. The reason why? I just didn't care. I I didn't have a use for it. I didn't have a purpose for it. It was not something that was important in my life. The cities I was living in geographically, it just didn't really make sense. And then eventually, when I bought my first car, you would think, "Okay, he's bought his first car. It's going to be this crazy Ferrari, Lambor- It was a Range Rover. And since then, fair enough, I have a pretty sizable car collection, but the point is I had already made tens of millions of dollars before I ever bought my first car and my first car was just a utility vehicle, a Range Rover. Now, I'm not saying this is say that I'm some monk and I don't spend any money and oh, look at me. No, no, no. I spent money on things that were authentic to me and that I genuinely enjoyed and appreciated. I love horology. I have always loved horology ever since I bought my first watch, which was a Timex Expedition for £20 at Argos. Anyone who lives in Britain knows I'm talking about there. And yeah, I I spent millions and millions and millions of dollars on watches before I ever bought my first car. But why? Because that was just authentic to me, okay? I invested and showcased something I love, which is watches and I've been doing that for years and years and years. Now, once again, even watches in the last 4 or 5 years it's become a thing, but when I first started buying them seriously, like heavily investing, 7 8 years ago, once I started doing okay for myself financially, I guess you could say, um it wasn't like a thing back then. And I think it's just this whole like being yourself and being unapologetically yourself, whether people like it or they don't, where [music] people trust you, okay? People trust you, and people trust that you are not doing anything that isn't truly you. There's something that they may not agree with, there's some things they may not do themselves, but they respect it because they know what, this guy's not trying to be anyone who he's not. And I have to respect that. Listen, I've even gone as far as to share private voice notes I sent friends during my darkest times. You know, I'm happy to even overlay it right now. [snorts] Like over the past 2 3 weeks, I just I keep waking up with this crippling crippling anxiety. And um I just don't feel like myself. And I shared that publicly with the world, not because I [ __ ] wanted sympathy. And quite frankly, I knew that not many people would give me sympathy, because at that stage of my life, I was [music] had done well in every area, and I had quote unquote made it. So, I didn't want sympathy, and quite frankly, I only posted a year after I was in that headspace, which, you know, which maybe it would have been even more brave to share it real time as it was happening. But the reason I shared it is because I wanted to show the audience the authentic unfiltered version of myself. An audience does not resonate with a hero, they resonate with the journey. Be authentic and take the audience on the journey with you, okay? Now, of course, authenticity is important, but will only take you so far. Providing value is not only what keeps new followers coming, but is the reason your current audience will keep coming back. Before I get into how you make impactful content through providing value, I want to deal with another misconception. You do not have to be an expert to provide value, okay? Also, by the way, expert is a very um is a gray area. Like, what makes an expert? Who says someone is an expert? Because you can't guarantee that what they're saying is right or wrong. I mean, listen, we've seen many many times over the space of the last 5 years ago where people were quote unquote experts. Oh, you have to trust the experts. You have to listen to experts. And then we [music] all found out that the experts were lying to us this entire time. So, like, you know, just the whole expert thing, like, don't that's a big misconception. Let me kind of break down what I mean here. I want you to take a look at Joe Wicks, for example. Joe has almost 5 million Instagram followers and has made millions, I would actually say tens of millions of dollars, by posting simple hit workouts and showing people how to cook simple, healthy meals. He's not a professional bodybuilder, okay? He isn't a professional bodybuilder, he's not a professional chef. He is a normal guy who documented his health journey and helped others do the same by creating content. He is just a relatable guy who knows how to get people from point A to point B. Level one wants to learn from level five to on how to get to level three. A person at level one doesn't want to learn from someone at level 100 cuz they're like, [music] "It's been so long since you were back here and the stage you're at is so unrelatable and I don't even think you even remember how to go from level one to level five." So, that is your advantage is the fact that you have a closer proximity to where a person wants to get to than someone who's so far ahead. Now, there are really three content angles you can use to provide value to your audience. First, [music] teach them something. Second is present new opportunities to your audience. And last is share your personal experience. Now, a quick note on this is I use my YouTube as an example, but this works on every single platform, okay? Intention. Now, I have spoken about intention at length, but I will continue to say it. Make content to attract the right audience. Vanity metrics do not matter. Make content to attract the right audience, not a big audience. If a big audience comes, you can't stop it, okay? But that should not be the goal, okay? So, let me break down two of my YouTube channels as an example. You have the main channel here. Now, I use my main channel to attract a wide audience of beginners looking to learn more about online business. The videos are broader and easy for beginners to understand. I also mention 100,000 in the title because that is a goal that many beginners have. In the past, I have intentionally attracted beginners to the main [music] channel. Now, let's talk about my business channel. I use my business channel to attract an audience of established business owners making over a quarter million dollars a year. The The are ultra specific and super boring for beginners. The thumbnails intentionally has high-level terms such as cart abandonment, which deter beginners. I intentionally attract an experienced audience. Like I'm actively trying to say, "Hey, if you're in this bucket, I love you, [music] I respect you, I appreciate you, I wish you the best. I just don't serve you, okay? Like I'm not the right guy for you." And as a business, we're not the right organization for you because as I mentioned with the business channel, we have [music] a business-to-business licensing offer, and you literally have to be making a quarter million dollars. We don't work with beginners. We don't even work with intermediates. You have to be an established business, otherwise we can't help you. The stuff we do for you won't even apply. So, trust me when I tell you these things, I'm not just telling you rough concepts or things that I think are right. These are all things that I truly live and experience every single day and I implement every single day. Now, you're going to notice that the views on the business channel are significantly lower, but do I care? No, I don't care because I'm attracting the audience I want. So, now that you understand the three content pillars, let's talk about two content types. We have superficial content. The superficial content makes you known. This type of content tells your story and builds trust between you and your audience. And then you have in-depth content. In-depth content [music] makes you money. This content builds authority because you are educating your audience, which leads to income in the future. Now, you need both, okay? Within these content types, there are different types of content categories that exist. You have actionable content, which is show people how, the eight-step SMA outreach process in 2024. You have narrative content, tell [music] a story, I never follow my passion and neither should you. You have theoretical content, help understand why, my five-step system to building a hundred million dollar team. Attractor content, which is sharing your results. Now, all of these content categories fall into either of the content types. Actionable and theoretical content is usually more in-depth. Attractor and narrative content, on the other hand, usually leans towards more superficial. Now, understanding the types of content is valuable, but it doesn't mean anything if you can't come up with the ideas. Now, I have made thousands of piece of content across all different platforms. Actually, I think that is a lie. I think at this point, between all platforms, I may be almost at a hundred thousand piece of content. Like genuinely. Especially because of all of our short-form accounts, I think I may actually be close to that. So, trust me when I tell you I can speak from experience. Now, you might be thinking, "Oh, well, you're just incredibly creative and ideas just consistently come to you." No, listen, of course not, all right? I have a content ideation process. One of the best ways to come up with content is to study what other people are doing. And no, do not just copy what other people are doing within your niche of content. You need to start looking at what content is performing well for other creators in every other niche possible. Most good content is packaged like this: niche, problem, solution, okay? You can look at any piece of content that's performing well, copy the exact packaging, and just insert your niche, problem, and solution. That idea is already there, you just need to make it your own. Now, if you're creating on YouTube and you want to find videos that are performing well, use VidIQ to find outlier videos. You can see an example right here. Do this to make 10,000 as a student. It's a 13x multiple. This is one of the videos that performed really well, and you can see that inside of VidIQ. This would be the perfect video to take and repackage in another niche. Taking inspiration from others is a good start, but you want to follow a standard framework when you create content. Now, I have a framework that I follow, especially for my long-form content, and that's with the power of three framework. Big idea, three main points, three subpoints, and then a clear takeaway. Now, at this point, you have everything you need to start posting content. You understand the power of content, you have the content pillars, the content types, the content categories. I have shown you how to come up with ideas and how to structure your content using proven frameworks. But none of this will work if you do not prompt your audience to watch or read the content you make. All content needs a good hook. A hook is the first line of a video or a piece of copy. It is arguably the most important element of your content. If it is boring, people stop watching. Hooks