picture of the impact you've had on others, you maybe sharing just specific case studies, and letting people know the next step they should be taking, which for some of you is a sales call, for others you maybe selling directly from an offer doc, which is what we're doing these days, or you maybe just converting people via landing page, right? Any three of these will work, but you can imagine that over those 9 days now someone's joined your universe and you're almost immediately being able to convert those people to profits. Now, the fourth piece here is the $5,000 per hour rule, okay? This is where you really want to get intentional about where you're spending your time. You are not going to be able to scale a profitable personal brand if you're just spending all your time on $50 an hour task. You should not be posting content, you should not be scheduling content, you shouldn't be replying to comments, hell, over time you don't even want to be the one interviewing all the people. You should be going and working on tasks that are $5,000 an hour type [music] task. I'm talking about going and drafting new offers, coming up with more high-level content strategies, maybe going and building your leadership team, or going and figuring out some of your pricing architecture. These are the kind of things that are going to be high impact and you're able to then delegate, eliminate, or automate the rest of the things on your plate. And so, it's these four systems that allow you to go and start becoming that media company CEO. Now, most founders think that level four is the summit, but it's not. There's a level above it and the founders there have something that can't be copied. It can't be competed with and it can't be [music] replaced. And that question I promised you at the start, well, we're almost there. And by the way, everything I just showed you inside of level four, the waterfall, the GPS, the capture flow, is exactly what my team installs for founders inside of FounderOS. If you want us to build it with you, the link is in the description. Level five, the iconic founder-led [music] brand. An iconic founder-led brand is one where a video from two years ago is bringing you clients on repeat. I think one of the biggest markers of it is when you don't have to sell people anymore. People already come to you pre-sold and pre-swayed with their wallets open, ready to go and buy from you because your content and your brand has already done all of the selling. So, when I say pre-sold, I mean like you're literally selling people without having to get on sales calls. You know, in that case, you're running a pre-sold system essentially with an offer doc that people are able to just to go to your content, read your offer, and purchase your $5,000 or $50,000 thing without having to talk to anyone because your content is built up so much trust, they are [music] ready to buy. So, when you have an iconic founder-led brand, right, you are really known for some core phrases, right? You are really that category champion. [music] And you see this with, you know, Mel Robbins and the five-second rule, James Clear and Habits, Ryan Holiday and Stoicism, right? You see it with me and profitable personal brands. There's a core sort of phrase or category that you own in the mind of your dream customer. And the beautiful thing is that when you own it, it's going to travel through conversations because about 50% of marketing, right, is going to happen through word of mouth. This is where, you know, you're putting out content and people are actively going and sharing it with 20 co-workers in their Slack. It's when you have people lining up to go and purchase from a launch from you. You have people quoting you on the streets without you ever being in those rooms. At this [music] point, it's essentially like a snowball going and traveling downhill, right? It's becoming more of an avalanche and the word is spreading without you having to do anything. The key thing here is making sure that [music] you're keeping things fun and you're keeping a good point of view and revisiting your overall systems over and over because like any great thing, it's not something that you just set it and forget it, right? You need [music] to stay with the times, keep your taste there, keep your formats fresh. And so, what you're going to want to do is make sure that so every 90 days right, you're auditing your content. What's performing best, right, doubling down on those content topics. What's performing worst, removing those patterns. It's your kind of always keeping that obsession there. An iconic founder-led brand is doing the same thing. Constantly experimenting with new formats, experimenting with new approaches, releasing new products and staying at the forefront of their given category. And so, it's that relentlessness, that delusional self-belief, that consistency, and that always pushing the boundaries that's going to keep you ahead of the rest of your competitors. So, the question, the one I promised you at the very start of this video, the one that tells you whether you've actually made it, here it is. If you disappeared for 30 days, would your business be stronger when you came back? Whatever level you're at right now, I built something for you. The FounderUs Blueprint walks you through the exact systems that take founders from level three to level five and it's completely free. The link is in the description. And if you want to climb that ladder with me, be sure to subscribe below because next week I'm opening up level five from the inside, the complete personal brand operating system that runs my $15 million a year company. All seven steps, [music] nothing held back. I'll see you there.